- Previously,
on "Shahs of Sunset"...
Me and my family own a few
buildings together around town.
If we decide to develop it
and rent it, do the math.
- We're talking about
$85,000 a month.
That's a million dollars
in a year.
- I need to get divorced.
- Did you guys
do your disclosures?
Okay, you haven't done
the most basic paperwork.
- [sighs deeply]
- Do you have
the mom or dad's name?
- You should
let me take you out.
- But I'm married.
- You know I'm going
to kiss you right now.
- I want 50% of his wealth.
- Right.
- But mine is mine.
Do I seem, like,
aggressive to you at all?
- So far, we've spent 5,000.
- You know what
the next step is?
- What?
- Our two little kids.
- I spent $500,000.
- On what?
- The shampoo business.
- ♪ Cut a lot of girls,
cut a lot of checks ♪
♪ That's the life
here on Sunset ♪
♪ Rich and famous,
I am success ♪
♪ Met her at Les Deux
and she do love sex ♪
♪ I'ma sip this,
you do the rest ♪
♪ You know what you do,
you do the best ♪
♪ Do me a favor,
lose the dress ♪
♪ We run LA ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[line trilling]
- Hey, Mikey.
- I'm here.
- You got it,
I'll be right down.
- All right.
- [whistles]
What's up, playboy?
- What up, what up?
♪ ♪
- I'm so excited
that we're going to go
see this property, by the way.
Give me the lowdown.
- I bought the duplex
10-plus years ago.
The house next door
came on to the market,
bought it
out of foreclosure.
I was like,
"Let's build on it.:
- How much to build?
- $4 million to $5 million.
But I think if I have
a good general contractor--
- You're not good
at picking them so far.
- [laughs]
- This is hideous.
We did a built-in fridge
so you wouldn't see this.
Is he done in the bar?
- Uh, what--
- This is a problem.
My concern for you
is the construction process.
That's the problem.
Mike has a lot of great ideas.
- It's going to be, like,
a two-year project.
- Usually
they're planned by me.
Usually I do
all the executing,
and then things turn out well,
like his house, for example.
How do you fare with
two years worth of unknown?
Two years worth of problems?
[dramatic music]
- This is a gold mine.
- That's great for your tenants
if anyone needs appliances.
- Yeah, right here.
- I take it you guys don't do
a lot of landscaping here.
- When I rented this place,
it said "security,
gated entrance."
- [laughs]
- I bought this property
11 years ago in a down market.
This area has become one
of the fastest-growing areas
of Los Angeles.
Back here's going to be, like,
a little dog run.
The view here
is going to be sick.
You know, Sunset Boulevard's
right there.
- Damn.
- I mean, this is something
that's going to feed
my children's children, and
it's going to live on forever.
And one day, my grandchildren
will put my portrait
on top of their mantel and say,
"That was my grandpa Mike."
Mike Manor.
- 1,000%, sell it.
- Why?
- What are you talking about?
Take your money
and go re-invest it.
Why are you going to give up
years of your life?
- Years of creating something
that could pay me
and my family
and my children
for years and years
and years and years to come.
- It scares
the living daylights out of me
to think that my friend,
whose nerves are frayed
as it is,
managing
a $4 million, $5 million,
$6 million project.
It's a lot.
I would get to the point
where you're about
to start building up, right?
But put it on the market,
and if someone is willing
to pay the premium required
to get a project that's ready
to roll, you sell it to them.
But if you don't see
the numbers you want to see,
you move forward.
- It's pretty dope that--
you know?
- And how cool that
it's a family thing?
- Yeah.
- Regardless of what direction
you guys go with this,
everyone, nooshe joon,
is going to be eating
from this thing.
It's great.
I'm so happy for you.
- Thanks.
- You never know, Mike may
end up surprising all of us
by dedicating himself
to building this building
and really transforming
himself at the same time.
I have a funny feeling
I'm going to end up
on that job site a lot, but...
I will do it
with a smile on my face,
without being resentful,
I promise you that.
Get that money, player.
- I'm trying, man.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Ready, boo?
- Yeah, yeah.
Let's go. Let's go.
- Are you happy?
- I'm delighted, I'm thrilled.
I'm chafing already.
- Chafing where?
Like, in between
your ass cheeks?
- Yeah, pretty much.
- Hi.
Hello.
- How are you?
- Nice to see you.
- Nice to see you again.
- I am the Susan B. Anthony
of prenuptial agreements.
I am rewriting
the laws in California
to favor the woman--
you're welcome.
- Thank you.
- Hello, so nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you as well.
Hi, Tommy.
- Hi.
- Good to see you.
- I will not
get hoodwinked today.
[Persian accent] Do I look
like I came from the village
behind the town?
- Nice to have
a friendly face in here.
- [laughs]
- I'm not Justin Bieber,
and I'm not Reza Farahan.
There will be a prenup.
- My face is pretty friendly.
- He's just joking.
[dramatic musical flourish]
- Okay, so I think you guys
are ready to sign your prenup.
We're going
to leave you for a second
just to talk about
any last-minute things
you might want to discuss.
- Okay.
- If you have questions,
let us know.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Okay, we shall.
- Okay.
[tense music]
- It's a pretty big step.
Ready?
- I mean, I'm ready
because I think
that this prenuptial agreement
benefits me, honestly.
- Yeah, it does.
It does, it does.
- Basically, you barely
get to walk off
with the shirt on your back.
- Yeah.
- Right?
- But if it don't work,
that's all that I want, babe--
shirt on my back.
I just want you to have
the peace of mind.
Nothing's ever going to happen.
I'm not ever going anywhere.
We're going to be
together forever.
Death do us part.
One of us will probably
kill the other
before we get divorced.
- Is that in the prenup?
- No.
That's probably
why she took out
the thing
about the testicles.
[mischievous music]
- So...I do appreciate you
being amenable to my terms.
- Okay.
- But if you leave me
for some secretary,
I will kill her,
and I will kill you,
and you will walk around
the world without a penis.
You might not have me,
but you also won't have that.
- Okay.
- [laughing] Okay.
- Yeah, man, I mean,
let's sign it.
Let's rock and roll.
- Women of the world,
ask for everything
that you think is fair.
And if you're a woman,
then anything
you ask for is fair.
And if you ask for everything
and he wants to give it to you,
go ahead and sign.
♪ ♪
[groovy music]
[indistinct chatter]
- How's it going, guys?
- Hi.
Can I try a little of the date?
- Of the date, sure.
- Very little, very little,
please.
- All right.
There you are.
- Who doesn't love ice cream?
And then,
on top of that, Persian.
Like, we have to have
exotic ice creams.
It can't just be
plain vanilla.
[Persian accent]
What is vanilla?
[normal voice] Okay, I'm going
to get the saffron
with the pistachio,
two of them.
[Persian accent]
So Persian, you know?
- You got to go traditional.
- I'm down with it.
- That's the right way.
- It's my thing. Merci.
- It has to be like,
"I'm rosewater,
"pistachio, and saffron.
I'm delicious. Try me."
- Hello, mama.
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
- You look so cute.
I got you our favorite bastani.
- Thank you.
- So za'faran, pistachio.
- Mmm, mmm.
- It's good, right?
- Oh, my God.
- I want to tell you
I spoke to Monique.
She found someone
that may be my amu.
- Yeah.
Oh, sh--.
Yeah, in somewhere
like Orange County,
like, Laguna.
- He's supposed to be--
country?
- In another county?
- Uh-huh.
Because he have wife,
has children of his own.
- But you don't know that.
What if they moved here?
You don't talk to them.
Do you talk to them?
- They never move here.
- This has been going on for,
like, four or five months
of trying to figure out
information about my dad,
and it's just like a filing
cabinet filled with files.
I have to
keep being persistent.
That's the only way my mom's
going to go
through these files,
until she finally gives me--
[insect buzzing]
[sputters]
I almost ----ing inhaled a bug.
[coughs]
Okay, let's just say
she calls me.
- Okay.
- And she says, "Destiny,
it's him, 100%."
I want you to come with me.
- [sighs deeply]
- I didn't want to do
all this stuff
because I don't want you
to have pressure,
but I need this.
- [sighs]
[dramatic music]
- 'Cause think about it,
if I were--
If I were to ever get married,
like, you'd be on this arm,
and he'd be on that arm.
- Each arm.
- That'd be so cool.
This is the plan.
If she calls me and says 100%,
you're coming with me.
♪ ♪
- Okay, no problem.
- Pinkie promise?
♪ ♪
I love you.
- I love you, too.
- Are you done?
- Yes.
- [speaking indistinctly]
Give me a hug.
I love you.
- Coming up...
- Erica and I are not
in a relationship anymore.
- But what happened?
- Well, I tried to kiss
another girl.
- Well, that was
very stupid of you.
[groovy music]
♪ ♪
- Welcome to LA, Mom.
- Hi, thank you.
- I'll get the heavy one.
Mom, what do you have
in this suitcase?
It's so heavy.
- The new one--I know.
[speaking Farsi]
both: Hi!
- My mom lives
on the East Coast.
She travels a lot for work,
and when she gets
to Los Angeles,
she tacks on a couple days
on the back end
to hang out with me and Mona.
- How are you, sweetie?
- Good.
- You got a bigger hug
than I did.
We love it,
because we don't get
to see her
as much as we'd like to.
You take for granted not being
able to just, like, go
to your mom's house
and have a home-cooked meal.
- Mona, do you
see a difference?
- Oh, my God, you lost weight!
- Honestly, yeah.
He didn't even notice.
I said--
- No, she totally lost weight.
- I still want to do,
like, 20 more pounds,
but I think
that's a good start.
- That's really good.
- Thank you.
- The details
of my parents' divorce
is really sort of obscure.
Neither of them
have ever really
sat down and talked to us.
I know that they were
married very young.
Well, it's good
to have you here, Mom.
We love having you here.
- Merci, merci, merci.
- When you can
make it out here.
It was a marriage
that was arranged in Iran.
I don't know that my parents
were ever, like,
madly in love with each other.
- Merci.
- I think when
you're removed out of Iran
in the United States,
you start to feel
a little more empowered
in maybe choosing
your own happiness.
Yeah, I have a lot
to update you about, Mom.
- She doesn't know anything?
- Not much.
- Why, what do I don't know?
- [sighs]
Erica and I are not
in a relationship anymore.
- But what happened?
- Well, I tried to kiss
another girl.
There was, like,
almost a kiss.
I know you're upset.
- Well, that was
very stupid of you.
- Trust me--I know.
- So how did you
leave it with her?
What did you tell her?
- She moved out.
And we're not really
communicating outside of work.
Like, she knows that
I have a lot of baggage
from not growing up
with you guys.
I think that was
a really hard thing for me,
and I'm only now, at 35,
starting to realize
how much that,
like, ----ed me.
[soft music]
Somehow, the terms
of the divorce became
that the kids were
going to choose
which parent they were
going to go with.
So my mom came
into my dad's house
and said
we need to pick right now.
My little sister, Mona, who
was probably two years old,
she ran to my Mom's arms,
and my parents took that
as Mona's choosing my mom.
I, being about four,
saw my dad's disappointment,
and I ran to my dad.
My parents took that
as I'm choosing my dad.
It is something that I have had
post-traumatic stress about
to this day.
There are real issues
that are happening now
because the two
most important women in my life
were not in my life
for my whole life.
So it's, like--
it's created problems
that I never thought
would happen.
- Mom.
[somber music]
- You don't have to
get upset, Mom.
- I'm actually really proud
of Nema.
- It's not--
Get her a napkin.
- Let me get some tissue. Here.
- You don't have to
be upset, Mom.
It's not something
you need to be upset about.
Like, I'm working through it.
- No one's saying
that it's your fault
or Dad's fault or anything.
But the fact is
that Nema experienced that.
Now he's dealing with it.
- I'm just talking
through some stuff.
Just, like--
you start to feel, like,
a little bit of the chip
on your shoulder going away.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
You worked through it.
Now it's my turn
to work through it.
I just am doing it last.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Honey.
Look at the house.
- I know.
The drywall is up.
- How much longer?
- Ten weeks.
- Ten weeks?
- Yeah.
- All the floors are done?
- The floors are all done.
- Where are we with our budget?
- Our budget?
- Our budget.
- Well--
- Since this is our home,
that means it's our budget.
- Yeah.
I would love for you to write
some checks for our budget.
It's really hard
for me to grasp
the "what's yours is mine,
what's mine is yours" concept.
So, basically,
what Adam is asking me is,
"How much money of your money
do we have left?"
Yesterday I wrote a check
for 50 grand.
If you include all the other
things that I've spent on...
♪ ♪
So we're, like, 3-something
in--like, 3.10.
Right before
we bought this house,
I had, like,
a cool mil in the bank.
And it's a
really amazing feeling.
So to see
all that money fly out
makes me very anxious
and very unstable.
- Where are we
with the baby process?
- I want to just make it
crystal clear
so you don't have to
keep asking me this question.
As soon as the contractor says,
"You guys are done,
you don't need to write
any more $50,000 checks,"
then we can put the condo
on the market.
We can start the baby process.
Is any of that unclear?
[tense music]
- Can I ask you something?
- What?
- Do you have any fear
or worries
about having kids?
♪ ♪
- Obviously.
Like, what if we're not, like--
there's no more sexy time,
and, like, we grow apart,
and we end up getting divorced?
Yeah, obviously,
I'm worried about those things.
- I have my own fears
and reservations also.
- I know, but none of them
are around money.
- Honey, I'm not talking
about the money aspect.
- I know, but I'm saying that
that's a huge part of it.
I'm in the Farahan gene pool
that all marriages
end up in divorce.
When I was 18, 19 years old,
the sh-- started hitting
the fan.
My parents were
blowing up at home,
and divorce was imminent.
I am predisposed to divorce.
I don't get the luxury
of just being excited
or thinking about
once they get here.
All I can worry about right now
is making sure
we have enough money
to finish this house,
move in,
and pay for these damn kids.
- The money thing,
we'll figure out.
- No, we won't.
I will.
- Honey, we will,
since you and I are married.
What's each other's
is each other's.
- Then let's let you
figure it out.
- Okay, I'm done.
I got to go.
- Okay, bye.
- I got to go to work.
- Peace out.
- Bye.
[tense music]
- Coming up...
- Adam, joon!
- So--hey.
- [laughing] Oh, my God.
[groovy music]
♪ ♪
- Hello.
- Hey, welcome.
- I came to see
what other glasses you have.
- These ones,
the smaller aviators--
these look pretty cool.
- I like this rainbow one.
- Yeah, the rainbow one's
are cool.
- You can never go wrong
with rainbows and a gay person.
- You can't go wrong
with rainbow.
- Actually, these blue ones
would look good, too.
- Yeah.
- Actually, do you have any
of these new in the back?
- Oh, yeah.
- Adam, joon!
- So--hey!
- [laughing]
Oh, my God.
[upbeat music]
- So good to see you.
You look amazing, look at you.
- Life is crazy for me,
but I'm still in touch
with, you know, those people in
the crew that I was close with,
you know, Adam and Reza.
You know, it turns more
of a texting game.
- Oh, my God, your jewelry.
Do you like my glasses,
by the way?
- I love them.
GG and I still text.
Mike never checks in, and
eventually that faded out.
And MJ--I don't want her
anywhere near me
or my family, like, ever.
- I miss you guys.
- I miss you, too.
[groovy music]
- Remember I've been telling
you about that one line?
- Oh, my God, this looks great.
- It's, like, a Brazilian
two-piece monokini.
- Uh-huh.
- But look at the butt.
- Come on, girl,
that is a wedgie.
- Well, no, well--I mean,
it's a little bit G-string-y.
- Girl, this is dental floss.
- That's my usual underwear.
But this is, like,
half an inch.
- You know,
this looks really good.
- Cute, right?
- How's mommy duty?
- Let me be, like,
1,000% honest.
Some things are easier now,
because he's sleeping,
thank God, and he's eating
and all this stuff.
But, babe, it's like--
it's a different type of life.
Obviously it's the greatest joy
you've ever experienced,
'cause you're gaining
this whole new world.
Having children makes you into
the best version of yourself.
Like, it's the
absolute pinnacle
of life, meaning,
purpose, and love.
Just absolute magic.
You love it.
You're like a slave,
but you love it.
So is the baby coming,
or what's the latest?
- So he brought up
a concern.
He's like,
"Have you even been budgeting?
Have you been Googling?"
- Wait, no.
- I swear to God, I swear.
- You're exaggerating.
- I had to walk out
because he started--
I started getting heated,
and I was like, "I got to go."
- Do you mind if we sit?
My knees are hurting.
Maybe he actually
doesn't want kids.
That's possible, right?
- Like, I don't know.
- It's really important to make
the person we love happy,
but it's also really important
how Adam really feels
and how Reza really feels.
- Mm-hmm.
- Adam, you have to be honest,
because you know what?
Just like your feelings
are valid,
Reza's feelings are 100% valid.
You have to kind of be ready
for that type of commitment.
- I'm ready for that type
of commitment,
but I need somebody
to be on the same level
of commitment that I am.
- That's important.
I have no idea if Reza's ready
for fatherhood or not.
I'm not sure if Adam
is ready either.
You think a renovation
tears you apart?
No, a child challenges
every aspect of your life.
Every hour is Soltan hour
in my life.
So be in your truth
and speak your truth,
while you're also
receiving his truth,
and see where you're at
with it.
This is going to be good.
- It's going to be good.
I keep on looking at these
blankets in this mirror.
- You want one?
- I kind of do.
- They would look amazing
in your place.
- No, I can't take that.
- It'll be your
housewarming gift,
if you're really
going to use it.
- Well, I mean--
- It's 700 bucks.
But I love you to death.
- I'm going to use it.
Thank you.
I would say blue.
- I love this color.
This is just a gift.
How about this?
I'm going to put one
of the hamzas in it
for, like,
good luck and good energy.
I feel like that's cool.
So that's for him.
And tell him I love him.
All right, my love.
I'm so happy you came down.
- I love you.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Oh, thank you.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hello.
- Hey, how are you?
- Nice to see you.
- Thank you.
- You doing okay?
- Yes.
- Come on in.
- Thank you.
- I was just looking back
in your chart,
and it's been almost four years
that we've been working
on all of this.
- Yes.
Nobody likes a bragger,
but I will toot
my horn right now.
Last year Tommy and I made
an affirmation wall.
- Parenting 101.
- Here's the most
important thing.
Nothing comes
before marriage.
We've made a lot
of far-fetched affirmations
that have, thank God,
come to fruition.
- So let's go over
everything, okay?
- Okay.
- We made our eggs.
We froze them.
We fertilized them.
And we were very lucky.
Even at your age,
they did well.
- Thank God.
- We have a beautiful embryo.
- Oh, my gosh.
- It's genetically tested.
It's normal, it's healthy.
- Oh, my gosh, okay.
- We're going to be able
to put the embryo back
at the right time,
and it's going to implant.
[upbeat music]
That's my goal, okay?
- Okay.
I was the person
who never wanted
to get married
and have children.
Tommy changed that for me.
- Look who's here!
- [screams]
- What's cracking?
- My baby!
He is the man
that just showed me
that there's a really
special kind of love...
- Hey, look,
we can pork in this.
- And that everything
is worth it.
- So, if you and Tommy--
and I'm sorry that
he's not here with us today--
- We're supposed to
actually FaceTime him.
- Sure, and you're
going to make him
very, very proud
and very happy.
- I hope so.
Tommy's dad dipped out.
His mom passed away,
went to Heaven,
very early age.
We're talking
to Doctor Ghadir.
He really gets to sort
of rewrite his history
by creating a future
that contradicts
the unfortunate past
that he had,
and we get to share
that experience together.
- Hi, Tommy.
How are you?
No, it's okay.
Listen, we are really happy
to move forward.
And that's why I'm only going
to be transferring one embryo.
Okay? I don't think
it's appropriate
for someone
in your age category
to have more than one embryo
being transferred in you.
- Totally understood.
- Okay? She is ready.
- It feels like a message
from the heavens--
to be told that I'm not going
to get punished for waiting.
- I love you, kiddo.
- Okay, you too.
We are ready to get married
and take the next step.
- Good luck.
Okay, I'll see you real soon.
- Thank you.
- Be good.
- Thank you, I will.
I beat the odds, and I'm not
going to waste my opportunity.
I'm going to be the most
incredible mom ever.
- Coming up...
- Should I throw it away?
- No, no, you shouldn't
throw it away.
- Here's what I want to do.
- Nema, now you have to get it.
- No, she threw it in there.
It's gone.
[groovy music]
♪ ♪
[cell phone chimes]
- Uh-oh.
We got a crucial email, Pops.
"You are cordially invited
to Tommy and MJ's house
"for an intimate gathering
of friends.
"Party starts promptly
at 4:00 p.m.
"If you don't
want to arrive on time,
then (BLEEP) yourself."
No.
- [grunts]
- Honey, what is that you're
bringing into the house?
- Ooh.
Moo's new litter box.
- What's this?
- I saw my therapist today.
- And she gave you
an old blanket?
- It's not an old blanket.
It's a handmade blanket.
She gave you this, too.
- Ooh.
- Your therapist is Asa?
- Yeah.
This is a housewarming gift.
- What did Asa have to say?
- We were just catching up.
- Oh, that's cute.
It's very sweet.
- I just want to
ask you something.
- What?
- Do you want a kid, yes or no?
Just answer that one question.
[dramatic music]
- When?
- Okay.
Five years from now,
do you want a kid?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- I would love for us
to have a baby,
but I don't want you
to just feel like
you're owed a baby
just because Asa has a baby.
- I do want to
raise our kids with her.
- I'm not trying
to keep up with Asa.
For us, it's not like that.
We have to plan it.
- Right.
- And planning it
has a lot to do with finances.
I get it, I'm a certain age.
Asa has her baby already.
But we can't make decisions
for our life
based off of what Asa
and Jermaine are doing.
Why can't you
think to yourself,
"Me and Reza, we're a team.
"We had a plan.
Reza's doing his part.
He bought the house"--
- You know what, honey?
You're right,
let's go back to the plan.
- So what's the plan?
- Move into the house and then
have a baby conversation.
- Okay, we're on the same page.
- We're on the same page.
So we won't be having
this conversation again
while we're living
in this condo.
[bright music]
Give me a kiss.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Tommy, oh, my God.
Is that a ti--
Is that tit sweat?
- I get tit sweat.
- Oh, my God.
- Yo, Reza, you got to
help your girl out, bro.
- What's happening?
- She's got serious boob sweat.
- Oh, sh--.
- Like, an arm--
You know when you see arm--
sweaty pits?
- Yes.
- She got that under her tit.
- Oh, no.
- Yeah, man.
- What the hell?
Look, like,
even here I'm sweating.
- Babe, you got to
get out of here.
This room is very warm.
- Oh, is that what it is?
- Yeah.
It is not cute in here.
- My wedding might be
a couple days away,
but it means a lot to me
to put on
a little intimate gathering
because this is not
just about the bride.
This is about the family
and rejoicing
and being together
and having the best of times.
There is a nice, cool breeze.
- Yes,
it's way nicer out here.
- When your friends
and your family are one,
we are "framily."
By the Pointer Sisters.
I'm going to have major
wardrobe malfunctioning
situation.
- Just keep the guns
in the holster.
- Trying.
- [screams]
- Golnesa is the worst
passenger in the world.
Like, the worst.
[engine rumbling]
She complains so much.
I was hoping that the helmet
would kind of mute her voice.
It didn't.
[engine rumbling]
Go.
[heavy rock music]
♪ ♪
- Let's go.
- [screams]
What the (BLEEP)?
- Just give me the helmet.
- What's wrong with you?
- [speaking Farsi]
- Hi, everybody!
- Shabbat shalom.
- Hi, hi, how are you?
- How are you?
- You guys, let's get a drink.
What are you having?
- Rosé, I brought a bottle.
- Oh, wow, because your man--
I mean, Nema drinks rosé.
- Yeah, he does, we actually
both enjoy the same wine.
I hope he enjoys it
with me all the way.
- Who was the man?
- No.
It was a Freudian slip.
GG's my kryptonite.
- I mean, I was just saying
GG's like kryptonite to me.
- You'll be limping by the time
she's done with you.
- [laughs]
- He's so sweet.
- He's all about you, though.
[bright music]
- Hello!
- Oh, my God.
- Hi!
- Joon, joon.
- Mwah, mwah.
both: Happy summer.
- Joon, joon!
Joon, joon!
- Reza, joon!
- How's it going?
- How are you?
- Good to see you?
- Get over here.
[indistinct chatter]
- He was trying to get with GG
at GG's event.
- I heard you were trying
to nibble on her neck.
- Yeah, I saw it.
- No, she blew me up on text.
- Oh, but I heard you
kept the ring, though.
- She got rid of the ring,
but the wedding band
still lives on.
- Baby steps, baby steps.
- I'm going to hold on to this.
- Hi, GG.
- Hi, love!
- You look beautiful.
- How are you?
Aw.
[gasps, speaking Farsi]
This was my band from--
my wedding band.
- Okay.
- He took it off me.
And he went home with it.
Should I throw it away?
- No, no, you shouldn't
throw it away.
This person--
- Let's ask Reza.
- Ask Reza what?
- Come here,
we need your advice.
- Here's what I want to do.
- Never mind.
- Nema, now you have to get it.
- No, she threw it in there.
It's gone.
- I just want everyone
to really leave me alone
about this band.
- It's right there.
- And the best way to do
that...
[water splashes]
[whistles]
[imitates explosion]
- GG, why did you do that?
- Coming up...
- I want whatever
I want in the moment.
If I want to (BLEEP) you
in that moment,
I'm going to make that happen.
- You're making him hard
by saying these things.
[groovy music]
- Has Mike been
a little touchy recently?
- Of course. He just broke up
with his girlfriend.
I know exactly what happened,
and I'll tell you.
- Uh-oh.
- What happened?
- Morgan.
- I can't be with him.
[tense music]
He has told me countless
times--"I'm 40 years old.
At this point,
nothing's going to change."
And so then when he's like,
all of a sudden,
"Oh, I'm going to change,"
I'm like,
"Babe, you said
you're 40 years old.
"At this point,
nothing's going to change.
"Why am I going
to believe you?
"Is this more bullsh--
you're just trying to feed me
to keep me around longer?"
- This is the pattern.
When Mike is in a healthy
relationship with a good girl,
he quickly panics
because he doesn't want
to hang up that
bachelor-playboy life.
- What's up, you?
- Mike, what's going on?
- How are you, bud-bud?
- I'm good.
Are those for me?
- I forgot about your flowers.
- You know the last time
someone handed out roses,
someone got attacked
with someone's nails.
- Wow.
"Dear Mikey, joon,
I want to apologize
for being so vindictive."
- "I called you fat, ugly."
- "I'm truly sorry
for my actions, GG."
[tense music]
[indistinct yelling]
- Ow, GG!
- (BLEEP) you!
- Mikey!
- What up?
- Why are you
bringing me flowers?
- 'Cause I love you.
This is for you.
- I want all of them.
- These are smashed
a little bit.
- Mike wants attention.
- Roses come in somewhere,
I get scared.
- No roses for me?
- Oh, I got something
for you, too. Here.
Here's a protein bar for you.
[all yell]
- And here's
a protein bar for you,
'cause you guys aren't
the same when you're hungry.
I love you guys.
I appreciate you guys
being around me
and giving me support
and showing me love.
And you guys
mean the world to me,
so I wanted to just
show you how much I care
by bringing you guys
some flowers.
- We love you, Mike.
- Joon!
- Thank you, Mikey.
- I have one more gift.
Hold on, hold on.
I forgot Reza's gift.
Hold on.
- Joon, he's so sweet.
That was a very hip move.
I want this Mike
to stay forever.
- If I've learned anything in
the last few years of my life,
it's that although
we love each other,
our friendships
are kind of fragile.
So, in order to keep
relationships
alive and flourishing,
you have to bring out
the best in each other.
Let's build
our friendships stronger
knowing that what we did
in the past hurt each other
and not let it relive
in our future.
- That's the guy that you
need to be, like...
- That's the guy.
[laughs]
[groovy music]
♪ ♪
- What?
Who is that?
Oh, my God!
I love you.
- That's for us?
- Yeah.
- Who is this?
Oh, my God.
- I love you.
- And I was looking at Dowjer,
and I thought to myself,
"If I ever lost my dog,
I would be a ----ing mess."
So this is Woody.
It's a purebred Persian--Pers--
- Flat-face!
- Flat-faced Persian kitty.
- Thank you, Mikey!
- Oh, my God!
- It's so sweet.
- I love this guy.
- I know.
- My cat, Buzzy, passed.
[crying] When he died,
I just didn't think
it was going to come so fast.
[sniffles]
He was the most special thing
I ever had.
Buzz Lightyear had a sidekick
named Woody,
and my cat's name was Buzzy,
so it's really sweet.
[speaks Farsi]
I love you...
Mike is an amazing guy.
He doesn't always
get to the water on his own.
Sometimes we have
to lead him there.
But the beauty about Mike
is he gets it.
I love you!
- Oh, girl, you know if MJ
gets her fingers on that...
- [laughs]
- That's not yours anymore.
- G, come here.
- Do you need a chaperone?
- Yes, I do!
- She needs a chaperone.
- Yeah, I'm not
coming without Adam.
- Look, I don't want to mix
words with you.
The truth is that I'm ----ing
insanely attracted to you,
and it permeates out of me.
- Do you want to just (BLEEP)
and get it over with?
- I thought of that,
but look.
What is it that you want?
- I do like ----ing
with your head.
- Yeah, your texts last night
were clear about that.
- Yeah?
- Uh-huh, yeah.
- Well, I mean--
- "I want to be in your head
and other places"?
- I think every woman
wants to be wanted.
I just admit to it openly.
I see this kid
that's just all about me,
so why not have fun?
I just want to be wanted.
Like, so selfishly,
so egotistically,
I want to be wanted
and desired.
(BLEEP) me.
No pun intended
on the last part.
- Do you want that?
- I'm saying I want whatever
I want in the moment.
If I want to (BLEEP) you
in that moment,
I'm going to make that happen.
- You're making him hard
by saying these things.
If I want to (BLEEP) you,
I'm ----ing you that night.
GG is not the best
judge of character.
Shalom was a huge disaster.
- You don't want to be with me?
- No.
- Then what the (BLEEP)
are you here for, homey?
You love this bitch.
- Oh, wow.
- More, more, more?
Do you guys want this more?
More?
- But here's this guy who is,
like, the Persian Poindexter,
and he's attracted to you,
which isn't easy to find.
This is exactly
what she needs.
Everyone knows a little tongue
and a little dick
can fix a lot of things.
- I know when there's chemistry
between a man and a woman,
and it's there with you and me.
- It's there now?
- It's there always
with you and me.
- You think so?
- Always.
We like to
give each other attention.
If there was an opportunity
for it to be
something more than attention--
- I don't know
what "more" means.
If you want to, like, have sex,
that's, like, normal.
You see all species do it.
- I guarantee
the sex will be good.
- [laughs]
Oh, (BLEEP) that.
I need a drink.
Because talk is cheap,
and so far, sir,
you've been
a lot of it--talk.
- All right.
- Okay.
[mischievous music]
♪ ♪
- Coming up....
- I think that color
would be really romantic.
- It's classic,
and it looks very elegant.
[thunder rumbles]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hi, sorry.
- No problem.
- Oh, this is the place?
- This is it.
- Okay, it's a warehouse, huh?
- After you.
That's how they
keep the flowers.
Wow.
[upbeat music]
My vision for my wedding is
this very ethereal,
white, beautiful room
with super-high centerpieces...
- These are nice,
but not for the wedding.
- Lots of white
and natural green leaves
and a flower wall.
What if we create
this giant wall of flowers
with holes in the wall
where, like, a hand...
♪ ♪
Reaches out and offers you
your table number?
- That's fantastic. Yeah, and
how are they going to know
who the person is--
telepathy?
- It might sound
a little over the top, but...
you only get married once.
I'm kind of into that.
I like that.
- No, no, no, That's too dark.
This is too dark.
- What if we had that next to--
- No, no, I don't like this.
No, put this back.
- I like it, but I'm going to
let the floral designer decide.
She's probably going to
make an arrangement for us.
- Normally, people talk
about it
and decide about it
six months in advance.
[dramatic music]
My mom also was opinionated.
She was the boss.
Who is the boss?
And she run the family.
And now I am like my mom.
So one of these among
all the creamy color...
- Yes.
- 'Cause the roses are creamy.
- Hey, guys.
- Oh, hey.
- Hi, Mercedes.
- How are you?
- Hi, how are you?
- Hi, I'm Carly.
- Vida.
- This is my mom, obviously.
- Why obviously?
I could be your sister.
- The flowers at the wedding
is something that's
really stressing me out,
so I found Carly Cylinder,
my wedding florist,
on Bluprint,
and I'm hoping that we can
execute the vision.
Yes.
- So MJ was saying
that she
really likes this color.
- I think that color
would be really romantic.
- I love that, too.
And it's classic,
and it looks very elegant.
- It's definitely very stylish.
- Yeah, you're going
to love it.
- But you cannot
force me to love it.
- No, I promise I won't.
- I have my own opinion,
you know?
- What do you think
of this one, Vida?
- No, no, I don't like
that one--
- Since my father passed away,
my mom has been
so supportive and nurturing.
I feel so good
about our future.
- Me too.
Are we going to remember Shams?
- Absolutely.
Now I'm starting to see
more of old Vida coming back,
where she's criticizing
the dress.
- I don't like that.
It's cheesy.
- I have one week
to my wedding.
There's a lot
that needs to get done.
I'm just hoping that
we get new Vida to stay.
I don't want old Vida to
(BLEEP) up my wedding.
[groovy music]
- I think Carly has a good idea
of what flowers you like,
and with that, you're going
to make us something beautiful.
And thank you for all your
opinions and everything.
I really think it helped
bring it together.
- Thank you so much.
Bye, guys.
- Bye, love you.
- Thank you, Mom, joon.
Do you want me
to help you down?
- No, that's okay.
I don't have
a high-heeled shoes,
but you be careful.
[groovy music]
♪ ♪
- Wow, that's a big dip.
Holy monkey balls.
We're the only city
in the entire world
where our downtown is not
the main attraction spot.
- No, there's other ones.
- Like?
- Houston.
- Oh.
- [mockingly]
Oh.
♪ ♪
- Talk to me.
Am I doing the right thing?
- Do you feel like
you're doing the right thing?
- I woke up this morning
and realized, "You know what?
"I need to get this divorce,
and I need to ----ing
do it right now."
I have everything else
going good in my life.
I have a business
I love and I care about.
I need to get rid of this.
Don't ever get married,
Shervin.
- I'm single and happy.
It's interesting that
you're saying these things,
and you're still wearing
the freakin' ring and--
- But what does the ring
have to do with it?
- Because you--
- He got me lots of gifts.
He got me both these
Cartier bracelets.
I still wear them.
Why isn't anyone complaining?
- Because they don't
mean marriage.
- Not necessarily.
- You know this.
Don't play stupid.
- A ring does not
represent marriage.
It represents engagement.
- On that ----ing finger!
- It represents engagement.
- Oh, okay.
Engagement to get married.
Golnesa liked saying
"I'm married"
a lot more than being married.
- He put a ring on it!
[cheers and applause]
- She's had
the engagement ring on
much longer than
the relationship lasted.
What are you doing?
- I'll wear it on
a different finger.
Will that make you happy?
- Yeah.
- Does it make
a difference if--here.
- It does, it does.
Okay, from now on.
- Yeah?
- From now on.
What's the over/under
that she ----ing
puts it back
on the other finger?
- [laughs]
- I put it
at, like, six hours.
- It looks like
it's a fake ring.
[dramatic musical flourish]
Here it is.
Here we go, huh?
- You ready?
I'm going to drop you off.
You're going to go in there
and file this stuff.
But listen, but after,
I really want you
to seriously think about,
you know,
the ring, what it means.
That's a whole nother issue
that you're not
going to be able
to solve in a court, Golnesa.
You got to solve it
in your own mind.
Okay.
Besides, on this finger,
like, you punch somebody,
you know?
- Yeah, it's better
on this one.
- See, you like that,
don't you?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I know
how to convince Golnesa.
- I could have used that
when I was talking to MJ.
- Oh, wow.
Good luck.
- Thanks.
- You got this.
- Ooh.
- Oh.
You put your ring back on
another ----ing finger.
- [laughs]
- Go.
- Bye, Poops. See you.
- See you, good luck.
Don't get in trouble in there.
- Oh, God.
I have so many other
important things in my life
that I've been working
so hard on
that I'm not
going to allow him
to take all that away from me.
I worked hard for years
to become a better person,
a happier, nicer, friendlier,
healthier person.
And I have,
and this little shrimp
is not going to ----ing
take that from me.
So, you know, bye, bitch.
[dramatic music]
- Next,
on "Shahs of Sunset"...
[groovy music]
- I'm seeing dollar signs.
So, hopefully,
this stuff does well enough...
- Yes.
- Where this
can pay for the baby.
[all cheering]
- I want to discuss
some things with you.
- Okay.
I feel like I'm
setting myself up for failure.
- Your father is not
in the United States.
- I just keep feeling
like I keep getting kicked
in the gut.
- Oh, my God!
Tomorrow I'm getting married.
I see Craig, I see Brandon,
I see Michael.
- Good speech.
- Shut the (BLEEP) up.
- So far, so good.
[laughs]
- For more "Shahs of Sunset,"
go to bravotv.com.